Programming languages

There are many difference programming languages and they all have specific features that allow programmers to develop sites and programs that solve a width-range of problems.
However, it is difficult to know where to begin and what language to learn first. If you are new to this field it is a good idea to explore some of the options you have to start.
In here, we will talk about some of the most common elements of programming languages and some of the most use programming languages.
Programmers always seek to solve problems and the first think that they do to come out with the effective solutions is to create algorithms.
For this, there are some steps that a programmer needs to follow:

First, the problem needs to be Identified and limited. This means that the scope is clear.
Second, the programmer needs to define the steps that need to be taking in order to solve the problem.
One way to have this is by creating a flowchart or a graphical representation of these steps.
Then the programmer uses the language to write the solution to the problem.

Once the programmer knows how to solve a problem through the creation of an algorithm, they need to know the syntax of the language to be able to write it.
Nevertheless, there are many languages that a programmer can learn. Here, you are going to be with the most common programming languages and their useses.

* PHP: If you're interested in web development, a good option is to use PHP, which is a general-purpose language. Usually PHP is used for creating the backend of web projects.
From this language is relevant to know that it can be enveret into HTML. Although it has been critizated, it has becomed one of the most used programming languages.

* Javascript: This programming language is usually called JS and is one of the languages with the biggest communities amongs devs. Javascript is a high-level, weakly-typed, dynamic and interpretive language. It is most use in frontend development and it's support itself in several frameworks and libraries such as Angular and React.

* Python: Python is a multiparadigm, high-level and general-purpose language. The main purpose of this language is to be readable, there is why its syntax is simpler than in other programming languages. To accomplish this, it uses indentation to identify call blocks instead of parenthesis or brackets. Additionally, it allows coders to express concepts in less lines of code.

* Ruby: Ruby is an open-source and dynamic programming language which aims for making coders lives simpler and more productive. As Python, Ruby has a simple syntax which is read in natural ways and it's easier to write. In addition, it merges functional with interpretative programming.

Most of these languages are object oriented which means they all work with a paradigm that sees everything as an object that can be define and characterize.

Now it is time for you to start learning the language of your preference.
